Speaker A: All right, we've. I have a very strict agenda here. We have five minutes. We're welcome and intros and we have done a little bit of intros and welcome. So I figure that we can skip to a couple of people that didn't join us until later. I don't know if all of you know each other. I think maybe I know everybody. Maybe we'll do you know everybody? Okay, cool. Well, I don't know if everybody has met Paul.
Speaker B: Chef Paul.
Speaker A: So I figure first of all, thank you all for. For joining to plan this block party. I think that the hoping that after the fire we can all come together and celebrate that we're back in the neighborhood, celebrate that our houses are here. And I also felt that there was a few waves in the past during the pandemic and after the fire where we have people came out from their houses and hung out. And I think that to start and kind of this block party could be a great thing for people to come out and get to know who's who, learn some names. And I figured there could be some activities, but also maybe some things that we can learn about each other, what we all can kind of offer each other if we have skills or something that we want to share or. So I think that there is a kind of a multi purpose for this block party. But I'm open to ideas. I don't necessarily want be the one that is driving this. I figure out you can initiate if someone else wants to kind of be spearheaded, I'm happy to head is off. But if no one takes it on, I'm happy to keep on driving it as well.
Speaker C: So
Speaker A: I think that there's a few things that would be good to talk about. One thing is date and time, in what range of. Of timing. We want to have a block party and then we can talk about location and how we want to set it up. We also have Paul here that has offered to cook for everybody where we can do a block party. So they've. Paul cooks. Is there like a fee for everybody to chip in? And then if we want to. We have multiple generations here. What does it look like? Do we have activities? Do we have stuff for the kids for them to do? So even for adults, there might be some fun activities we can think of.
Speaker D: Is there music?
Speaker A: I know that we've talked about. We have some great musicians on the block. And. And also how do we communicate with everybody? How do we get people kind of activated? How do we send out information to people? I've sent out the emails And I don't know if they. I have been trying to be kind of transparent with that email list. We can see names and numbers to see who's who, but I don't know if any of the emails might be going to spam. So I think that there might be a need for us to maybe do something. Flyers, hand out in mailboxes, maybe, you know, reach out and make sure that everybody gets included and then roles and next steps. I figured that we can just kind of divvy up some different tasks that people can spearhead on this list. If there's things that we need to do on the location, for example, do we do like a long, long table? Does that mean that we need to talk to the county to close the street? So there, I think there is a few things that, that we should discuss.
Speaker C: So just a quick thought because you're doing your all together newsletter. Yeah. That you might ask for a quick check in from everyone to make sure they're all getting it or if somebody wants to unsubscribe. And then that way you'll have the, you know, do I have your right email sort of thing or is that too much? But we also can do a flyer for the party.
Speaker A: I figured that maybe with some of the outreach we can kind of do a tag team on that.
Speaker D: Yeah,
Speaker E: I could run, I could look up the names of the people on the block and cross check them to the EFRU group because I manage the membership, Eaton Fire Residency and you know
Speaker C: everybody's getting that one.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker C: Okay, then that's probably.
Speaker A: Oh, that would be good.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: So I could, I'll, I'll do that as a cross check. I know when I responded to the email I had four or five not, not deliverable responses. So I thought. But I could do that and just check everybody here and see if the email address is different.
Speaker B: Received your. If you replied all.
Speaker E: I did reply all.
Speaker B: I don't think I received that.
Speaker E: Maybe because I'm newer in the neighborhood. It may have gone to your spam because I'm not. Even though I should be. You should get any, anything from someone.
Speaker B: I checked my spam today, actually.
Speaker E: This wasn't today.
Speaker B: Oh, I'm sorry.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: So I know that there has been a few rounds of me sending out emails, getting returns. So I've cleaned up the list. The one that I sent out the last time has, is not throwing any errors and I got your email updated. So I know that I also have a couple of people that want to be added. So it's the email list is starting to get clean and kind of scrubbed. So I'm getting better at what I have. But it would be great to be able to.
Speaker D: You know what we could do also is
Speaker B: create a Google sheet that's got the actual street address, the email in the names, and then have it in a centralized location.
Speaker C: Yeah, people can confirm.
Speaker E: That's the right to confirm it. Yeah, that's great idea too.
Speaker B: People could.
Speaker E: So maybe they could update their own.
Speaker A: Maybe that's something that you could help with is to. To make sure that we have the right information for the people.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: So that's patina just for the notes.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker B: Or Bettina, do you have a Google account?
Speaker C: I do.
Speaker B: Okay. So you could host the sheet.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: I do as well. If you need my assistance.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker B: I'm very nerdy with databases and aren't they. Aren't they fun, all that stuff.
Speaker D: Don't let that kid around.
Speaker E: I love. I love minutiae.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's. I spent my career dealing with that, so.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker F: I have a map from several months
Speaker G: ago with
Speaker F: Google Maps and then I have names on all the houses, so.
Speaker C: Oh, could you share that?
Speaker E: Yeah, that'd be awesome. Okay.
Speaker F: I wouldn't say 100 at all, but close.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: So.
Speaker A: And you can go in on the Altogether website to see what houses are included because the area is slightly larger than the email list that you compiled, I think.
Speaker E: Jim.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker E: Oh, what are the parameters of the block?
Speaker D: It's.
Speaker A: It's kind of like a T now. So it's our street. And then it goes up a little bit. Mar Vista, and that's why you're included. And then down Mar Vista down to New York Drive and a few houses in on New York Drive.
Speaker H: Does it just go to Holliston?
Speaker A: Just to Holliston.
Speaker E: Does it include. So you've got Susan and Greer on Mar Vista. You also have Gene at the corner of Sonoma or.
Speaker B: No, I don't think you have Gene on that.
Speaker D: You should.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think that maybe. Yeah, I mean, I'm open to expanding the area. I think we just need to tell. Tell. Like I think there is a pretty strong community up at Sonoma.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: There.
Speaker B: She might be part of that.
Speaker A: So I don't know exactly how the all together just suggested these parameters and I said, okay, that's fine with me.
Speaker B: 2011 next to me. They're never there. So.
Speaker C: Yeah. Because otherwise it's hard to know where to stop.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's it.
Speaker A: And then we should skip over here
Speaker H: and have that person.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker G: Can we trade people.
Speaker A: So I think we just have a reference map that we can look at who to include and who doesn't. And the area could change.
Speaker B: I mean, that said Raphael,
Speaker H: Their parents
Speaker B: are renting the house over here. And so I don't know if you have them on there or not. They got burned out in the back of 2027.
Speaker E: Maris Day.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker B: So I don't if you've got them over there or not. The rest of the family is at 2027.
Speaker A: Maybe what we do is once we have a good take on the who is who on the list, we can double check to see who. Who do you know? Who do you like? Is this the right information? Do you have an updated email? That person.
Speaker E: I'm on your original list.
Speaker A: So I think it would be good to kind of tag team on it because that's one of the thing that I think is September. The most important is to gather everybody so we can communicate with everybody on the block. Right.
Speaker D: So Debbie, Kamala, I don't know. You can invite her. She's fairly. Because she's behind us.
Speaker C: I don't think she'd come, frankly.
Speaker D: But, you know, it's nice to feel invited whether she, you know, she can decline, but that might be nice. And you know who's wonderful? Phil and Nancy in the big crapson with the wonga. Wonga hedge. They're cute and happy.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, no one has really the block of New York, so we. I mean, if we wanted to expand this area, we could. No one has. Has become the block captain at Sonoma either. And we could also suggest that we can do it together with another block. It's how they're open to this.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker D: That'd be nice.
Speaker C: Deb.
Speaker E: What was her name?
Speaker B: The lady on the flag lot?
Speaker D: Debbie. Debbie. D E B B I E Hemela. H E M M E L A And Phil and Nancy, the ones who walk the Scotty dogs.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker D: So that's them. And I forget their last name.
Speaker H: I'll get it for you.
Speaker C: I have it at home.
Speaker A: Do you?
Speaker D: Yeah, so do I. It's on the email.
Speaker B: But I'm a fan Terriers.
Speaker D: And there's a really nice couple who we met during that two weeks when we couldn't get into the houses here.
Speaker A: Here. Yeah.
Speaker D: And they're the ones who bought the house where the movie was filmed over behind us too. The big on New York Drive.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: They're lovely and they're relatively new to
Speaker E: the neighborhood and they.
Speaker D: They're younger and they Seem very amenable and sociable. Totally. For Thomas will probably know who it is, but.
Speaker C: And they're right next door to Jeanette and John, who live right behind me. So. I mean. Right.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker E: Are there zones already established for the streets?
Speaker H: Yeah, but you said nobody had signed up for New York or Sonoma.
Speaker D: Correct.
Speaker A: So I mean, it depends on how big we want our block to be. Some blocks are bigger than. Some blocks are smaller. So we can really, you know, define if. If you want to invite more to Block 129, we could. But I think that for now there are boundaries that. And I can share a link with all of you guys to use. You can see whether. Where the boundaries are. But if you click on the link on your website, you go to the Altogether website and there's a whole map there of all the blocks. And it's like 135 of them now. It's amazingly organized and each of them have a block captain. And then we get together in two weeks and share information with each other resource. A lot of it has to do with rebuilding, how to navigate, you know, insurance and Edison and so forth. But the newsletter that I sent out to all of you guys as part of the kind of the collective network of the information that's being gathered. So.
Speaker C: So,
Speaker A: all right. I think that once we have a list of. Of emails, obviously email, like an email blast would be good to make sure that people get information about the block party. But what do you guys think about doing some kind of flyer and handing it to people?
Speaker B: They even do that for the little parade.
Speaker A: The field with the tour parade.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker B: Little flyer is easy.
Speaker G: And I'm not volunteering per se, but there are people that walk their dogs daily on the flock,
Speaker F: per se.
Speaker C: Guilty.
Speaker E: Guilty. It would not be a hardship.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: There are people that need to walk their dogs more often as well. So my dogs have reported.
Speaker A: Well, I can probably put together if we get things organized and kind of decided upon, I'm happy to put together a flyer and then, you know, if we tag team and have a few people grab a bunch to walk the neighborhood, I'm sure we can get that out.
Speaker B: So I walk every day, so I'm
Speaker C: happy to do that.
Speaker A: Okay, well, what do we think about the format, location? How do you. I think we have a few different options. One is we can just do like a buffet style and people mingle and walk and kind of say hi to each other. Or we can set up like a proper table in the center of the street and where Everybody sits at a long table.
Speaker C: I think we should just do a street takeover. Don't even ask the county because nobody comes on the street unless they live here.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker C: We're dead ends on both ends. Yeah.
Speaker B: Maybe have it a jump to a flat grassy lot in case somebody were to come. You could just retrench back. But you know, street take.
Speaker H: Before you moved here, I. I.
Speaker C: In my old house, I used to have a block party for the block for both blocks of Marauder.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker C: And it was such a big back patio. It was perfect. They're not there. I wonder if they can tell.
Speaker E: What about Galadin's house?
Speaker C: Perfect.
Speaker H: It's under contract.
Speaker A: Should we let her out? You think she would be chiller?
Speaker G: Well, if I let her out, she's gonna come say hello to everybody.
Speaker A: Is anyone.
Speaker C: I think she. We're excited. Every time we get excited, she gets
Speaker D: excited and wants to talk.
Speaker C: She's got ideas. She has ideas.
Speaker A: Yes, Stella, I know. She's gonna have to get used to having people around.
Speaker G: So if I let her out and anybody's all. I have no problem putting her back in the crate.
Speaker C: How are you?
Speaker A: You okay with.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker E: Jim.
Speaker F: I mean, 100.
Speaker G: 100%. I'll take her.
Speaker B: I'm a big dog.
Speaker A: I think she might be chill out more.
Speaker G: Yeah.
Speaker A: If we. If we let her up. All right, so takeover. I think that sounds like a splendid idea.
Speaker D: Y.
Speaker H: Do we want to ask about getting
Speaker E: a permit and then maybe do that
Speaker H: as a backup if it's too onerous.
Speaker D: My only concern would be if something
Speaker B: goes wrong, you know, somebody gets bored,
Speaker H: whatever has a medical emergency down the street and we've got a, you know.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker E: Hi, baby.
Speaker A: Hi.
Speaker H: It may be too onerous and we might decide. Well, let's. Let's do some variation on that unofficially. But I think we should at least ask. Yeah. Okay.
Speaker A: Sorry I missed the first part. Ask what?
Speaker C: If we can walk off the street.
Speaker A: Officially, it's a pain in the ass.
Speaker D: From what I've heard, it takes months.
Speaker H: I looked into it before the meeting and kind of look like that, but even with. Nowadays and I. I mean, that was sort of the. The general. If you want to do this in LA County. So it would be the same for Crenshaw Boulevard as it is for Marada. In practice, there might.
Speaker A: There.
Speaker H: I would assume there are some differences.
Speaker G: Is it through the supervisors or is it through Parks and Rec or probably public work?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: That was.
Speaker G: Is there a connection?
Speaker D: We could go to Katherine Barger's office.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: To the local. You know, the local one.
Speaker C: And see, because it's not like we're asking to block off a block of New York drugs.
Speaker E: Exactly.
Speaker H: This is it.
Speaker B: No, but, you know, it's like they would probably want to assign a retired police officer out there and all that.
Speaker C: They.
Speaker A: They would.
Speaker H: Because I don't know if you remember the people who lived in that flag lot for a period of time. The husband was a chp, and we had talked around the time of the. To do, around the time of the Fourth of July parade, a little block party. And so he gave us the rundown, and it was exactly that. That you would have to assign. If you do it officially, you have to assign a cop and the whole thing.
Speaker C: Well, what are the alternatives? Somebody's front lawn, Adjoining front lawn.
Speaker B: That's what I was suggesting. Like flat front yard. And we just set up in the street. And if there's a problem, everyone retrenches into the.
Speaker H: Got it.
Speaker B: Big yard.
Speaker H: That sounds good.
Speaker B: That's what I would suggest to keep.
Speaker F: George and I would probably. We have front lawns together, so.
Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. We can connect them. Or the strip, you know, this. Whatever they call that.
Speaker C: Yeah, the parking strip. Yeah.
Speaker D: And, you know, you can put some buffet tables there and then have tables. If the other ideas don't fly. Maybe the tables sort of where people would park, you know.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Anyhow, so cars or table.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker D: Maybe we could make the. Yeah.
Speaker A: And I also know that there's a block party over on the west side of Altadena that was pretty big. So I'm wondering if they have any pointers that I can. Yeah.
Speaker H: And they did one up there on maybe Ganesha or Highland.
Speaker C: Highland, I think.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think you're right.
Speaker H: But where.
Speaker C: There were a lot of burned houses.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker H: I mean, that was. The thing is, the neighborhood was pretty much gone, so I don't think they
Speaker C: did it in the middle of the street, but maybe.
Speaker D: I think they.
Speaker H: They did do it in the middle of the street.
Speaker A: I mean, particularly.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: Are there any restrictions with having beer, wine, or any libations?
Speaker C: Oh, undoubtedly.
Speaker B: Undoubtedly.
Speaker G: I wouldn't even jump in there.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker G: I mean, if you. If you ask, coming from experience, from restaurants, catering, if you say that you're going to do it, you can get a. A temporary conditional use permit. It's like a thousand dollars or something like that. And I mean, I. I think if. If people are drinking beer and wine from their house in their front Yard
Speaker A: and walking down the street with it.
Speaker G: That's kind of on them.
Speaker H: Yeah.
Speaker G: I mean, if somebody's selling it, then
Speaker B: that's a big problem.
Speaker G: That's going to be.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker H: Which sort of makes me rethink what I said before, which. Maybe we should just ask. Maybe we shouldn't just ask, you know, and not just be subtle and quiet.
Speaker B: Y.
Speaker C: Sweet girl.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: You can't sell.
Speaker G: You say, oh, we'll have a bl party and there's going to be beer and wine. Like the first thing they're going to
Speaker B: be, smell it on you.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker G: Who's checking id? I would not.
Speaker C: So all that stuff has to be on. Yeah. That's all you have to do.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's on the qt.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay. It sounds like we're doing this on the DL.
Speaker D: Yep.
Speaker B: I, I see.
Speaker G: I, I can't wrap my head around. I mean, I can, I can imagine the long table, but I can't imagine it with 85 people or whatever, whatever that number is. And one of the things I was thinking of that might be kind of cool is if it was almost, and this is just a thought, this isn't my drive, but if it was almost like farmer's market kind of set up where, you know, maybe I'm going to do some food. And so we put a pop up tent right there and people can walk, walk by and get some food and somebody else makes like progressive dinner. Oh, yeah, that's the antler. You're hear, by the way. But just kind of in the idea of like maybe whoever the musician is, is set up in a spot and people can mill about over there or somebody makes an amazing hibiscus tea with.
Speaker D: We could do that.
Speaker G: And so it kind of gets everybody to move around, move around the street
Speaker B: a little bit and it decreases participation, like.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker B: But again, what are you volunteering for?
Speaker C: What?
Speaker B: You know?
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. We could just have tables. Everybody, you know, there's space in the strip.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker G: Just my thought on it was like a farmer's market.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: I don't have a strip.
Speaker A: Yes, of course.
Speaker B: That sounds kind of cool, but I
Speaker G: don't know how to formulate that.
Speaker E: I love that idea. Kind of progressive canopy thing. And you go from place to place.
Speaker B: You have to figure out how many people are involved.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Be able to split up stuff. It's not like, hey, Chef Paul, cook, you know, cook six course dinner for 150 people versus the flip side is
Speaker G: if, you know, having a long table where everyone's gone through a buffet and sit down. There's more of a get to know each other type of thing and. As opposed to just moving in your pod.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker G: Type of thing. So I don't know what's happening that
Speaker A: people will hang out in front of
Speaker G: their houses and stay in the lodge.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker H: I don't know if everyone was here at Halloween, but the other block of Marada, like three or four blocks that way, did a Halloween block party, but it was kind of like that where everybody just had their own setup in front of their house. And it was, it was cute, but I didn't see a lot of mingling.
Speaker G: Right, right. The pods.
Speaker H: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: So this sounds like an evening thing. Is that what everybody's picturing?
Speaker A: I think it depends a little bit on what time of like when we do it, time of year. Because if it gets warmer, I think doing it in the evening might be nicer.
Speaker G: Do, do we know it down.
Speaker B: It's going to get warm tomorrow. We're breaking all the records.
Speaker A: We're late afternoon, like early evening. Yeah.
Speaker G: Do, do we know. When I say kids, you know, under
Speaker C: 40,
Speaker G: do we know, like, are there teenagers? Are there grade school kids on the street?
Speaker B: Yes, yes.
Speaker H: Yeah, there, there are a little bit of. Of all, though much less than there used to be. There's some little ones down there. There's some teenagers there.
Speaker E: You. I have a 12 year old and then there's two. Tucker, he's 16.
Speaker H: Yeah, that was the.
Speaker A: Over there. Have two
Speaker D: teenagers and a young.
Speaker E: Yep.
Speaker G: Nobody wants your bathroom. You hang on to it. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: So in the mingling, as I'm thinking about the, the various canopies and kind of going along and your graciousness and talent for cooking. I'm just wondering, I was thinking about this when I was walking bingo the other day, that people could say they're coming and maybe they just don't come. So I think it is important to charge something because if people buy something, they're more inclined to show up because they put out money for a ticket, then just blow it off because they
Speaker B: don't feel like it. Yeah.
Speaker D: Now I have a concern that there are some, you know, young families who have kids and I know that many of us have had unplanned disaster stuff. Trip to the keeps going well. Yeah, that too. But there's still some stuff going on where people are haggling with their insurance or new stuff crops up and there's
Speaker C: unanticipated and is this like selling wine?
Speaker E: No. Byo, but for the, for the food.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker H: I mean, if Would there be a way to. To have a scholarship for people who.
Speaker A: But we have to have a way
Speaker H: of doing it where people didn't feel weird about it. If they're neighbors who they see all the time but don't really know that. Well, who's probably the ones you least want to expose any kind of financial issues to?
Speaker G: Well, maybe it's a sponsorship. Yeah. Call it. And it's out there if anybody wants to sponsor it.
Speaker D: If you want to chip in.
Speaker C: Chip in. Right.
Speaker A: Yeah, people would do that.
Speaker E: I was a member of a singing
Speaker D: group and those who couldn't afford the
Speaker E: dues and there were several and were too embarrassed and we had a thing
Speaker D: called an angel fund.
Speaker E: And so those who were particularly flush could just put some money in the angel fund and then they would contact maybe Petra and say, I need help with this ticket. And then you're the only one that knows who got assistance etc. And if you could float an extra few bucks then, then it.
Speaker D: That would be nice.
Speaker E: Takes the pressure off.
Speaker D: I think that'd be very nice. So to me, the main thing is getting many. Yeah. People out. Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Getting out the boat, as it were.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker F: I know you don't know how many people are coming. Paul, if you thought about how much
Speaker G: this is going to cost.
Speaker B: Well, that's. I don't think it should be saddled just on one person's shoulders.
Speaker D: I think a potluck.
Speaker G: I think a potluck would be cool. Absolutely. Because if it's, It's. If it's 100 people or 80, whatever it is, that becomes a big push.
Speaker E: Huge.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And
Speaker G: in, in the catering world, like this type of thing, fork and knife is not a good idea.
Speaker D: This is something. We have an anchor, a couple of dishes like a vegetarian.
Speaker E: Those are monkeys that sort of main
Speaker D: courses too loud come. And a meat thing, barbecue, pick up, you know, in your hand chicken legs or you know, something that lends itself to just eating standing up. Yeah. And then we as the group maybe can bring side dishes, salad.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker E: You can have a sign up for that.
Speaker G: Somebody that's into making sourdough bread. You know they make.
Speaker C: Yes. Yeah.
Speaker B: You could be the point man, the chef of the evening. But you've got to delegate out all kinds of dishes to all kinds of people.
Speaker G: Yeah.
Speaker E: Otherwise you can do that on sign of genius.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker G: Otherwise there's four carne asadas.
Speaker B: It's like, okay, you go barbecue cute. You know, 40 chicken legs.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker G: I think, I think maybe it's coming up with a. If there's Interest, you know, if people are interested in saying, oh, I can make sourdough and I make. I make orange marmalade, you guys.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker G: Let's go. Yeah, you know, you're. That's what you have. We need somebody that's going to do, you know, chicken breast on the grill. Right, Got it. Okay.
Speaker H: Or the.
Speaker B: Yeah, the Armenian.
Speaker A: Yeah. Kebabs.
Speaker B: Four bucks, five bucks a pound and you're good.
Speaker A: How do we coordinate that, though?
Speaker G: My thought on that would be the once you have. Once you have access to communicating to everybody that this is. This is what we're doing. This is what. This is what we as the block are doing. And this is the format that it's going to be in. It's to going to be a potluck. Paul is the point person. He's committed to.
Speaker B: It's a great cook.
Speaker G: Yeah. Renting a burner in a giant paella pan or whatever.
Speaker C: I mean, basically you can say this is what we've come up with so far. Does anybody have any. Brilliant.
Speaker B: I have a giant paella pan.
Speaker A: And then maybe we can have a sign up sheet. Where Online.
Speaker E: Have you ever used sign of Genius?
Speaker A: I have, I have, actually. That's a great idea.
Speaker E: I did a lot of sign of genius events at my son's school where we would be doing a Hispanic dinner and then all the things that we would want or even a camp out, like all the things we decide on what the menu is. Well, even just salads and then say we need six, and then you have six slots. And then people say, I'll bring a salad and it's a green salad or I'm gonna bring a Caesar. And then you can see as you come along where you have holes in the, in the menu and go, wow, we really need people to make sourdough
Speaker G: or something or macaroni salad.
Speaker D: Right. Perfect. Yeah. And, you know, let me. If we have a couple of anchor dishes that might.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Sort of give the definition about where then people can do their own thing. When we had the last thing at the. The potluck of the Tyber that, you know, people just brought stuff and it, you know, there's all sorts of different stuff and nobody's lined up, I think, for different dishes.
Speaker E: Just.
Speaker D: I think to me that's kind of the fun of it too.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: You know, you want to bring a salad like you're interesting. Bring a salad of some sort. If we have. It's sort of a Southwest theme or, you know, whatever the heck we're Right.
Speaker E: Categories. Or then there could Be a category. That's potluck. Surprise us. And you just sign up and. Yeah, or just bring whatever you like,
Speaker D: because that's what potluck is. There'll be a few things that we can say. We'll have.
Speaker A: Yeah, okay. So I'm hearing that you do something,
Speaker G: I'll do something,
Speaker A: and then we'll. We'll have some type of sign up genius for categories and then people can have creative license to what they want to bring within that category.
Speaker B: I need to come up with a catchy name for this. Not like potluck, but also I just
Speaker G: have to throw out there. You have to think format too. Is it going to be like stations like in front of people's houses, long table. Or is it because that kind of, kind of changes things a little bit. Like if you know the chicken's all the way over there.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker B: Well, I'd keep it low glass within, you know, six or eight yards.
Speaker D: You know, we have. I want a driveway that we can set up. I've made a Passover Seder for like 40 people on our driveway.
Speaker B: Sounds like.
Speaker D: So if we clear all that out. Yeah, yeah. And we have a couple of tables, you know, that I think even more we can dig them out. And then if anybody else table can make a really long buffet, set up all the food there.
Speaker B: But adjoining kind of neighborly lots. I wouldn't suggest that you try to manage the entire block. Like anchor it. If you want to anchor it here. Then, you know, if you've got neighboring people that can. Can make their yards available in the driveways and they'll work. I wouldn't suggest one station all the way down. You wouldn't kind of stay centered here. Then make sure you get the neighboring people. I mean, you could skip a house and have the next neighbor.
Speaker E: But just like moving in a certain
Speaker D: direction or main in one yard. Yes.
Speaker E: Salads in the other. Dessert appetizers.
Speaker A: Yeah, this is for you.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's a progressive dinner where you
Speaker D: start at one place and down Progressive.
Speaker B: Progressive Dinner for progressive Eladina.
Speaker D: There we go. I like it. And one of the things that we were talking about, little bit about communication and we're talking amongst ourselves with all these wonderful ideas. Maybe it'd be a good idea to put out like a survey monkey or something. Say we've got the seeds of this. These are some of the ideas we've had. And let people kind of vote on them, which also encourages participants.
Speaker H: When you sent out the email about the block party, what was the response rate?
Speaker C: You were Just asking for planners. Right.
Speaker A: I was asking for planners, but there was, there was a handful of people that said that they would want to do it.
Speaker C: You were asked about interest too?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, I got, you know, probably about, I would say 15 people that responded, which is more than I got for the, for the garden. Yeah. Okay, but got a couple of people on the garden. But yeah, I'm just wondering if there seem to be roughly the same people responding. So I'm wondering if majority. Yeah, it makes sense when. Usually that's what's happened. Right. But I think that a lot of. There's maybe some, some emails going straight to spam.
Speaker E: Sometimes people don't respond because they think they're going to be saddled into service. And it's like, what do you think about a block party? Oh, I'd love that. Great. You're good to be. And it's like, I just want to come and eat corn on the cob.
Speaker G: Case in point,
Speaker E: you got smoker, huh. So maybe once it's established that it's happening, then more people will be like, oh, I really don't have to do too much.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker E: And I can just show up and
Speaker D: it's, it's, you know, killing with kindness. Lots and lots of communications and then going and knocking on a couple of doors for the neighbors, you know, to each side of us. Do some continuing communications to get people.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Going.
Speaker B: When do you want to do this? Like this summer or in the fall or.
Speaker A: Well, okay, so I got a couple of responses saying, you know, may sometime and after would be good. And I wanted to ask you what you guys think.
Speaker H: I mean, weather wise, that's probably the best time of year. I mean, for us personally, it doesn't have to revolve around us, but we are gone the, the week after Memorial Day and the first week in June, so we'd like to attend.
Speaker G: So that's probably a pretty common week.
Speaker C: Right. So maybe May, if we can make it before Memorial Day, it's before people start or after or after.
Speaker B: In May when school starts. I mean it feels like it graduations and stuff too.
Speaker H: I mean, later in June if, I mean this has been a very weird
Speaker G: weather year, it's going to be hot
Speaker H: if it's like a typical year, you know, even, even late into June, it's fairly June gloomy and it doesn't get too hot and it gets nice right around the early evening.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Maybe later
Speaker D: before there's more cloud and kids are on vacation.
Speaker E: And that's the thing too.
Speaker D: During the summer, sack Dab in the summer. A lot of people might be on holiday.
Speaker F: You know, this is gonna sound.
Speaker G: Maybe sound crazy, but it might be in our best. It might be in the best interest to push before Memorial Day.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker G: To do it sooner. To do it sooner than later. And if it's not this polished.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker G: You know, the. The ultimate Altadena block party, that's fine too.
Speaker C: Yeah, maybe.
Speaker H: I don't think people would be expecting that. You know, they're expecting like. Like what you guys had, which was like what, a week and a half notice, and everybody showed up for food and it was.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: I mean, I think that's all people
Speaker H: want from this, is the opportunity to connect again.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Also another thing.
Speaker D: If, if.
Speaker B: If just pretend like 20 people signed up and so food was prepped and arranged for 20 people. People just pretend. And then 40 people showed up. Well, they can go eat somewhere else and maybe have some sodas and drinks and stuff. You know, it's not like you're gonna starve to death if you don't eat right. You know, or especially if you do it kind of earlier in the evening when it's still light out and everything. You know, if they miss the food or whatever, they can go have dinner somewhere else or whatever. But then just socialize.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker E: What about music? Because if it was later, like late afternoon and evening.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: And it's then. Does that naturally lead into like a musical experience on the street or who would the music be?
Speaker F: I think Lynn mentioned.
Speaker H: I think Dawes.
Speaker C: Guillermo is a wonderful guitarist. I don't know how he would feel about it, but just not as a performance where we all stop and look at him. But if he's just creating a little bit of ambiance, he might like that. Next door to Mark and Petra's house.
Speaker A: And there's another Petra.
Speaker C: There's two Petras.
Speaker G: Are any of the teenagers on the street, like in a garage band?
Speaker E: Mine isn't. He's a tween.
Speaker A: So I reached out to Guillermo to send him an email. I haven't heard back. Okay. If you. I'll go out in the store. Yeah. If you know him.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay, so Lynn will.
Speaker H: On the. On the west of. Of Mark and Petra.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker H: Okay.
Speaker D: Where are Mark and Petra?
Speaker H: Lin's old house.
Speaker A: The.
Speaker B: Oh, I know that the crafts you showed me.
Speaker A: The.
Speaker E: With all the.
Speaker G: Gone by now.
Speaker A: I mean, that's good question.
Speaker G: Oh no, it's too late. Everybody took all our stuff.
Speaker C: Margaret or Guillermo responded to any of your altogether emails because they might not be getting them if he didn't answer you.
Speaker A: I can't say either way.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: I would have to. Look, I don't think so.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: But that's the other thing. I think this is a great opportunity to make sure that we have the right email and call contact information for everybody.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: That is.
Speaker C: That's great.
Speaker A: It's part of it. Okay. Do we have any other musicians in the neighborhood
Speaker B: performing?
Speaker C: Yeah, don't look at me. I have a degree in music.
Speaker F: I see a piano back here.
Speaker C: I'll sing in the background.
Speaker B: I had a background singing gig, actually. A friend of mine hired me to sing background, make a chorus.
Speaker A: Why don't we start a band?
Speaker G: I heard somebody say. I did hear somebody table say they
Speaker A: were in a singing group.
Speaker B: That one.
Speaker E: Actually, that might have been me.
Speaker F: I've heard that Sonoma street has a number of musicians, but I don't know them.
Speaker A: But that would be about those people
Speaker H: that used to have that concert pre fire up on Volleyball. Calaveras. No, on Calaveras. They would do a front yard concert throughout the summer.
Speaker G: Oh, the Mariposa melody.
Speaker D: That.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Melodia.
Speaker C: What was that?
Speaker H: They were more like jazz musicians, I think. Alan Wasserman.
Speaker D: Oh, they play. Amy and Alan. I'm gonna have lunch with her. Right.
Speaker A: I mean, they're, they're. They were.
Speaker E: This was like, I guess a.
Speaker H: A pandemic into. Slight post pandemic thing where they would set up in the front yard there and people would come and drag their chairs.
Speaker C: It was a cool thing.
Speaker H: And I don't know, I feel most wouldn't necessarily be opposed to.
Speaker E: I can ask.
Speaker D: He's a real man.
Speaker H: Shut up.
Speaker D: Yeah, I'll ask Amy on Friday.
Speaker H: Yeah, tell them some of. Some of your neighbors.
Speaker E: Well, they're still active,
Speaker G: Which is kind of bizarre.
Speaker E: Where's your pig?
Speaker A: Well, maybe that's another thing that we ask in our communication in fandom.
Speaker C: 1. Yeah.
Speaker A: Anybody want to play?
Speaker G: Is there a juggler? A flame dancer?
Speaker D: Don't look at the claims, please.
Speaker A: No flames.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: All right. Anything else under activities?
Speaker E: If you just wanted to have something passive. I know that in my son's age group.
Speaker D: Cornhole. Yes.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, that's.
Speaker H: That's a good idea.
Speaker G: Literally, we're Dr. We're walking cornhole.
Speaker E: It's a slanted board with a hole
Speaker A: and you throw a bean bag and
Speaker E: you try to get it into the hole.
Speaker C: What does corn think of that?
Speaker A: Corn inside the.
Speaker E: Wait, you have corn?
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker G: We don't have the. The corn.
Speaker A: I.
Speaker G: Okay, we have. We have the boards with okay.
Speaker H: Yeah. Community in action over here. Pulling our resources.
Speaker D: Yeah, there's plenty of them.
Speaker E: It'd be nice to have more than one.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Ping pong table, too. It's not an eagle rock, but yeah.
Speaker G: Okay, so that would be cool. Back to that whole. If the idea was to do it in a format where there was kind of stations or areas. Yeah, why not? There's cornhole right here. There's corn ping pong over there. There's Juggler or, you know, whatever, you know. So it's almost more like a street.
Speaker A: So one thing that I'm wondering about. Do we have people that have a hard time moving around on our streets?
Speaker B: It depends on the inches.
Speaker G: Still a couple.
Speaker A: Thanks. Do we. We have some.
Speaker E: Paula's mom, she has a walker, but she gets around.
Speaker D: She motors.
Speaker G: I've had to get out of her way.
Speaker D: I think we can make it work.
Speaker E: We can make it work as long
Speaker D: as there's no stairs to climb and there's some ramp or whatever. Like our. Our driveway is flat, so that would be good. And there's nothing. It's brick, so there wouldn't be anything to hopefully to stumble upon, you know, and a. A little dip, you know, by the Courier.
Speaker A: But so, I mean, I. I would say I'm happy to host here too. And we have long driveways right next to each other as well.
Speaker C: Mine, however, is a bit.
Speaker H: And if you need the space, we have a long concrete one and the bottoms need some work.
Speaker C: But the.
Speaker H: The whole top segment is in good shape.
Speaker C: Okay,
Speaker D: I can see it.
Speaker C: I can see it.
Speaker A: Any other activities that we can think of?
Speaker D: Does anybody know somebody who's like a dj?
Speaker G: Whoever it is, everybody's got a friend who's a dj.
Speaker D: We can have that as sort of, you know, have it vary.
Speaker E: Because not every.
Speaker D: Everybody might be into jazz. I don't know if that's even the case. But you know that there's some hip hop or, you know, something like old 60s rock or whatever and kind of mix it up a little bit if we're going to be here a few hours.
Speaker E: And where would we station the dj? Middle of the block or speaker each direction?
Speaker C: Well, probably the same place if other musicians perform, so they're not competing.
Speaker B: Right, right, right.
Speaker A: All right. Well, I know that you've been in the music business. Do you have any ideas of. Do you have any suggestions in regards to setting something up, if it's feasible?
Speaker B: Oh, again, I'm going to stick with the suggestion to keep the. Keep the party focused, you know, amongst you Know, four or five lots on each side. And so probably one. One musical thing is probably when the. When they're not playing, then you could have passive music playing with speakers and so on.
Speaker A: So how. How involved is it to set up like a music. Like a. Like a small area slash stage slash music kind of.
Speaker B: I mean people would have their pa. Hopefully would have their PA systems if they're in a electrified band. So they would own that. I don't own any PA gear at all.
Speaker E: DJs do though.
Speaker B: DJs do. Or band members do. Just providing power to them.
Speaker G: I mean, we can ask if people have Sonos speakers.
Speaker C: I do.
Speaker G: If people have Sonos, we can. We can link all speakers together.
Speaker B: They're kind of low powered though, to be. They're not very loud.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Which might be what you want.
Speaker G: If there's 12 of them.
Speaker D: A wall of sand.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker G: Well, I mean there could be. There could be, you know, 12 of them around the.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker G: The.
Speaker B: The focus area.
Speaker G: The focus area.
Speaker B: But they would need to. They would also need to be able to. To hear the WI fi and talk to it to pair up to each other.
Speaker G: Unless they're blue.
Speaker D: J. There's got to be something that have a couple of speakers. We know people have to.
Speaker E: Plugs.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: And there's power feed power that could, you know, kind of cut down on the too many moving parts kind of thing.
Speaker A: It sounds like we may want to do a little bit of research on artist music within the neighborhood. So I think that maybe as we're kind of worked through our agenda, it would be good to. For us all to kind of maybe offer to do something research on certain parts. I understand that you want to. You can help with contact sheet and maybe setting up.
Speaker E: We'd have a skill or, you know, like.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: The way that they want to participate.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then you were going to reach out to Guillermo. Maybe we can see all fish around to see if there's anyone else in the neighborhood that has music or band skills.
Speaker E: Never mind.
Speaker C: They're too far away. I was gonna say I know a bagpiper. Megan, who used to live on our block with is a bagpiper, but she
Speaker B: hasn't been that musician.
Speaker D: I'll ask Amy and Alan about the jazz. I'll do that on Friday.
Speaker A: Okay, cool. Excellent. I think that's a great start. And then maybe Paul, you can consider what it would look. So we're 80 people on the email list right now, so maybe you can take a stab at what a general kind of structure could be. Let's say that you do paella as a big thing. What else. How much else do we would we need for 80 people?
Speaker G: Right.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: And that would be kind of setting up like a sign up genius.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah. I can help you with that.
Speaker B: Or.
Speaker G: Yeah, I can help.
Speaker E: Yeah, I'll do.
Speaker B: I can do that.
Speaker E: And then the, like the 80 people in. I think in our case, I think I'm the only one from my family on the list and I have a
Speaker H: husband and a child.
Speaker E: So one house. My name represents three.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker E: So 80 might be a little conservative.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Or not, you know. Oh yeah.
Speaker D: Or not.
Speaker B: Might not come so.
Speaker H: Right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's hard to know the. The number of people. That's why it's like, let's design this so it can be scalable. So if it's like 30 or 40 people, cool.
Speaker E: It'll be fun either way.
Speaker B: Practice for the one next year.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker B: I mean, for instance, the little fourth of July parade like this past year. They. They actually. It was more enhanced this past year. They had some beverages and cookies and stuff over there.
Speaker E: I haven't been.
Speaker B: We weren't back yet.
Speaker D: I don't know if it's a David and Carol lines house.
Speaker B: It was down on the. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker E: I can ask them what they did.
Speaker B: It was quite a good turnout actually.
Speaker C: That's a good idea.
Speaker B: But that's an established little block tradition. It's that Fourth of July parade.
Speaker C: Oh yeah. Since the 80s.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And there's another thought to maybe to glom onto that somehow the 4th of July to put this on the 4th and make it like the.
Speaker D: I don't know, Friday before the 4th of July is the fireworks.
Speaker B: Oh yeah. Are they still gonna do that?
Speaker D: I don't know. We should find out.
Speaker B: I didn't do it last year.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker H: I mean I don't have a launching pad right now.
Speaker D: Who knows? We got plenty of space.
Speaker H: That's for sure.
Speaker D: Unfortunately.
Speaker B: Who sponsors that?
Speaker D: The country club. I could find it. That would be something too, to have it that Friday night if they do have fireworks. David and Caroline and their accept sponsors a party that everybody. It's a watch party Picture how many
Speaker C: cars are the street Can't.
Speaker D: That's right.
Speaker B: You can't even.
Speaker D: By the way off the table.
Speaker E: Not on July 3rd.
Speaker B: But maybe that's a way to kind of ease into this is to kind of glom onto the parade or something and then we don't get our expectations too high.
Speaker C: You mean do it in the daytime?
Speaker E: Perhaps.
Speaker B: Maybe it's a morning picnic or brunch Maybe it's a brunch.
Speaker G: I'm out.
Speaker A: You don't do brunch. And the thing is, I've gone to
Speaker G: that
Speaker E: because you have to get up
Speaker D: at 2 in the morning.
Speaker H: It's always a lot smaller because people go away.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker H: They'll have that extra day off.
Speaker E: No omelette station.
Speaker H: So I think it would be a small, smaller event if you did it on that weekend.
Speaker B: Cuz it parades pretty early. It's like 10 o' clock in the morning. Yeah.
Speaker F: Just back on the. If you need a stage. We had a wedding. Couple weddings. Anyway, they used the. We had a klezmer band in the front on our porch.
Speaker C: Get them.
Speaker F: They were great.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: You know, no one wants to come perform for free either.
Speaker F: No, no, no.
Speaker B: That's the thing.
Speaker C: That's why we gotta find recruit from within.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: Or it's just play music, so.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker A: Just playing music is fine too.
Speaker E: Or there's karaoke.
Speaker C: It worked well.
Speaker F: Our friend parks.
Speaker G: Karaoke.
Speaker B: Yes, absolutely.
Speaker C: A karaoke station over there.
Speaker F: People could stand in the yard, mill around, dance.
Speaker D: Oh my goodness.
Speaker A: Okay. So finding the right kind of location and thinking through where it would be is. Is one thing I wonder if. If someone would want to kind of take that on and try to figure.
Speaker E: We sort of did Jim's front porch right there.
Speaker H: Right.
Speaker A: Deb's driveway.
Speaker E: So just sort of this whole.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: She says, yeah, this. We clear everything out and have that port cochere thing be for something like desserts to something cool, drinks or whatever. So it's 25ft of flat space. Plus
Speaker E: we could also in our driveway because we've got a sizable space that's flat. Just have some tables and chairs out
Speaker H: for the people to sit at.
Speaker E: Doesn't have to be hosting a particular.
Speaker A: Yeah, so.
Speaker G: So daytime we're thinking. And then we should probably pull umbrellas, pop ups.
Speaker A: I have a pop chairs type of thing.
Speaker C: How did we get on to daytime? I missed that.
Speaker G: I don't know.
Speaker A: I'm just wondering if it's going to get too hot.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker G: My first thought on daytime anyway, if
Speaker A: we're going to do music that seems more like a.
Speaker H: If we do it in the evening, we're gonna have to think about lights though. We don't want anyone tripping over somebody's sprinkler valve or whatever.
Speaker G: String lights.
Speaker D: Everything is lit for my ass.
Speaker C: I have a bunch of string lights.
Speaker G: I have I don't know how many hundred feet of string lights and like the patio bulb, you know, the whatever
Speaker E: they're called those Edison bulb type ones.
Speaker G: They're in the back of my Jeep.
Speaker A: Just like that.
Speaker E: Hanging out there.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Just hanging out. Oh, yeah.
Speaker G: Finally get to use,
Speaker D: I would think late afternoon, you know, for younger kids.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker D: If it's summer, everybody's off, so that's good. Yeah, but it lets it maybe cool down like 4 to 8 or something.
Speaker E: It'd still be light.
Speaker A: A little bit of light.
Speaker C: What is that?
Speaker A: I think that sounds nice.
Speaker D: And it's dinner. It's early dinner. Yeah.
Speaker A: But you still have a little bit of time to hang out and go home.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then if you want to, people want to stay later, they can. Yep. You know, it's flexible.
Speaker B: I need to rally.
Speaker D: Cool.
Speaker A: All right. Do you feel compelled to look into anything that we talked about?
Speaker E: I'm.
Speaker B: Yeah. Sorry I can't help you with the music stuff.
Speaker A: You don't know any musicians in the neighborhood.
Speaker B: So many of my customers are dead. You know, I got sax players. Ron Brown used to live up here. Betty Muffin's still alive. He got burned out. A lot of people got burned out and then gone.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't know.
Speaker C: Percolate.
Speaker B: No one that I think would play for free. Put it that way. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Well, I think we have made some
Speaker B: great progress, but I can help with.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker B: Desktop publishing or desktop publishing. Database stuff. Sous chefing.
Speaker E: Cool.
Speaker C: Awesome.
Speaker B: Schlepping, hanging out, flyers. Wherever the help is needed.
Speaker C: Can do it.
Speaker A: I'm not opposed to putting together a little bit of a database.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So that would be nice. Okay, cool.
Speaker D: We.
Speaker A: So next steps, we got. Linda's going to reach out to Guillermo. We're going to start the. I'm going to cross contacts, email contacts,
Speaker E: and I'll create a Google sheet.
Speaker A: Perfect. Paul is going to do a little bit of planning and thinking about food and how that could be organized.
Speaker E: You will send me your map.
Speaker A: And I think.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker A: And then when we figure that out, we put it out there to say, what do you.
Speaker C: When do people want to do this? We're thinking May.
Speaker E: It won't be late. I was just checking like, sunset hours. And so if you want like an 8:15 sunset, it eats tea late June, July. So May we won't have.
Speaker H: I think mid to late June would be good. I mean, college graduations are. These things are usually the. The latest, and they're around Father's Day weekend. So anything after Father's Day weekend, you're probably.
Speaker E: And before the 4th of July. Yeah. Yeah, that would be that 8:15 sunset.
Speaker B: Yeah. Is and it feel like summer and we might get some June glue.
Speaker C: Yeah I hope so.
Speaker B: We're not getting it next week on
Speaker D: a questionnaire early on is to send it out and that starts to get things going. You know what do you. This is what we're thinking of rank or something. You're you know, favorite ways to do this. You know this is what our limitations started. This is what your limitations are. You know let's talk. Let's talk food.
Speaker A: So I wonder if we should put together a Google form and send out with some of this summarized and then just send that as a blast to start collecting some feedback.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker D: Has anybody worked with Survey Monkey?
Speaker H: I used it but I wouldn't say say I'm super proficient with oh all
Speaker D: you need is a couple things where you.
Speaker A: I think. I think just putting together a Google Form.
Speaker B: Google form will do the same.
Speaker D: Will it?
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker A: And I think it's that little bit easy.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker H: I think it'd be good to limit
Speaker E: the choices because it's overall then we'll have 8080 different ideas of how to celebrate this.
Speaker A: So maybe what what we'll do is we'll put together summarize this into kind of a Google form with some options and and choices and we'll share this with this group first. We can review it and provide feedback before we send it out.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker D: Sounds good.
Speaker B: Y Sounds good.
Speaker C: Good.
Speaker D: Thank you Petra.
Speaker A: Thank you Petra. Thank you Petra.
Speaker E: Awesome.
Speaker D: So when do we meet again?
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm going to be meeting.
Speaker B: When do we see you?
Speaker A: Do we want to meet in too?
Speaker H: When are we sending? I mean it's going to be dependent on when we send out the Google form and when we talk about the
Speaker E: reactions that we get.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Oh yeah. We should set a deadline for that
Speaker H: and it should be relatively short if people are like me where you get something with a.
Speaker A: It goes to the bottom.
Speaker H: Exactly.
Speaker A: So maybe what we'll try to do is to shoot for sending out the Google form in and maybe flyers too in maybe a couple of weeks, the end of March. So before then we'll take a first stop at the Google forum, collect feedback and you get a chance to cross reference the database. So maybe we'll shoot like sometime mid two weeks. So that's like the 25th or so.
Speaker C: Sounds good.
Speaker A: Great. That sound okay?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: And maybe that's the first. That's our first deliverable. So maybe we don't have to necessarily get together in person unless we want to. But that is will be our kind of the next thing. And then if we need to get back together, maybe we'll just call a meeting.
Speaker D: We can zoom in.
Speaker A: We can zoom in the rules.
Speaker D: Do you need more volunteers or more.
Speaker G: I think there's going to be more comm. Or not committees, but more departments as we figure out what's going on. So, you know, it's like somebody's going to be in charge of X we didn't think about yet.
Speaker E: So I think, yeah, that's a sign of genius. There will be a setup committee, a breakdown committee, you know, those types of things so people can sign up to help. And it's just like maybe an hour of their time. So it's not like they're going to be.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: Working at the whole time. You'll be working at the whole.
Speaker A: Okay, I'm gonna. I'm gonna change my opinion. Maybe we should have another meeting schedule because part of this is getting us out of the house and getting to meet in person. So we shouldn't. You know, perhaps that would be a good thing for even for us. All right, so what is a good time to get together? Maybe in a couple of weeks, two weeks from now.
Speaker D: Oh, we got the 25th.
Speaker A: The 25th is two weeks. Yes.
Speaker H: 25th.
Speaker E: Yep.
Speaker D: March. It's a Wednesday. Same.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Is that good? Same time?
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: Cool.
Speaker D: Party plan six.
Speaker A: Party planning. And if everybody's okay with Stella, she. This is good for her to learn how to behave with other people. So.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: I got a rally.
Speaker D: Cool.
Speaker A: This is great. Thank you.
Speaker D: One question, though, Petra. Yeah. Do we need any more volunteering right now to say, like, Bettina's doing the survey, you know, whatever.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker D: Do we need somebody to do, you know, think about the catering? And besides you. I don't want it to fall. You know, I'm willing to volunteer because I used to do special events for moca, so kind of no special events.
Speaker G: I think maybe like just in the catering aspect, like, people are going to
Speaker C: be
Speaker G: signing up for food or this and that. And maybe there could be a, you know, a plate and cup and napkin.
Speaker H: Yeah.
Speaker G: You know, department.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know, and there could.
Speaker E: You could even. Because it's sort of about supporting. It's all. It's about supporting you. There could be a food prep, you know, you want anybody to come and
Speaker A: dice and slice for you and that. I also, I think there's other things that are going to come up. Like we need the tables. We need, you know, umbrellas. We need.
Speaker D: We need a logistics kind of person. To coordinate some of that kind of.
Speaker A: I mean, if you have experience putting together special events, I mean, sounds like it sounds like this.
Speaker D: I'm good at bossing people around.
Speaker E: Excellent.
Speaker D: Just ask Thomas.
Speaker G: You just need a committee.
Speaker E: You just need a committee.
Speaker A: So maybe. So if we consider these, you know, what do we need for the different stations? Do we like, do we need to. How do we pull chairs together from people? Do they bring their.
Speaker C: Do we all drag our tables and chairs out to the stage?
Speaker A: So maybe start kind of what that looks like. Sure.
Speaker D: And that could be something too small, where if you put together a sort of a draft of the questions, then we can ask, are people willing to bring a table, a chair? So then we know what we're looking at.
Speaker C: We could say, do you all think we should just bring our own tables and chairs? Or do you think we should rent some and people will go, no, I
Speaker A: don't want to pay for that.
Speaker D: So up in your room tables could be problematic. And you want those set up before. Has anybody ever gone to, like, that diner that was downtown?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker D: To try and schlep your own table is a real pain in the ass.
Speaker G: Oh, wow.
Speaker D: You want some of those things set up ahead of time and just let people come and hold themselves?
Speaker C: Well, I think that a lot of
Speaker A: people probably has folding tables or something that they can bring out. Like, we have two. I think three.
Speaker G: No, there's two.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker H: I think we should definitely survey people to see what they have before we try and start renting stuff or anything like that.
Speaker F: I mean.
Speaker G: Yeah, it might be somebody that's like, look, I want to help out, but I don't really want to do anything. I've got 14 chairs, you know, from.
Speaker A: Yeah, we'll come in and grab them.
Speaker F: Yeah, it's like, yes, we need some schleppers.
Speaker D: You know, if you're not willing to.
Speaker C: There you go.
Speaker A: That's a good one. So SUV goes down the street, comes back.
Speaker C: I'll.
Speaker A: I'll try to take a first at. At what this questionnaire looks like. And then I think it would be good to have a little bit of brainstorm, what else we put in. So, yes,
Speaker C: send it to us.
Speaker E: Jim's going to send me that map. And then I will start. I will look at your email list and start to see if I can
Speaker D: fill in any holes.
Speaker E: Holes there, especially from the bounce backs.
Speaker A: And
Speaker E: I'll be. I'll just be in touch with you, quote that.
Speaker A: Awesome.
Speaker C: Great.
Speaker A: I think we've made a lot of fun. Yeah.
Speaker C: Thank you for
Speaker A: absolutely thanks for hosting.
Speaker E: Thank you all for.